at 10:45, give tony 10 minute warning

tony notes: ubicomp

kids don't naturally collaborate?

doesn't talk about cognitive/social benefits.
doesn't mention partitioned knowledge base

overwhelming success

disagree. had initial value, tailed off

jim

likes conjecture mapping
DBR comes across as apologetic
conjecture mapping: enter with clear hypotheses
lot of ideas going in, strong conjectures
work to do on how mapping is put across
q: about the teacher. how does that affect me
as a teacher?

jim makes point between multiple indexings,
for object of inquiry vs. semio-spatial mapping.
differences between place/object

answer: different affordances place = cognitive, object = social
clear things to say each way of doing it
new conjectures are fine as an outcome

yvonne

different literatures lot of work
difficult space in classroom design
to analyze interactions. to say you've improved
learning or creating new interactions.
amount of work good. use of literature good.

critique: struggled to make bits fit together.
looked at RQs. didn't get a sense of that yet,
how you're answer RQs. mismatch. need to align
things to conjectures. data: didn't clearly
identify data sources. what criteria do you use
to select. deep dive for particular collision?
how will you be systematic. can you hear audio
(yes during whole class discussion). reliance
on interviews instead? mixed methods? how will
you work with data?


andy

two things:

1. a lot seems very familiar to his childhood.
references back to pre-digital age. is the tech
required for this? don't need tech to make it work.
or, what parts need tech to make it work (or make
it better). why tech?? motivation, requirements for
this. (tony: tech has costs)

2. a lot of questions, need to pare them down. three
things. prelim is a contract. years worth of data to
analyze. need a hierarchy of most important studies
to do. what are your expected answers. not "does" but
"how" questions. what are your potential answers. the
form of the outcomes of the analysis. are these things
you can do alone? inter-coder reliability needed for
analyses? wide or deep?

andy's extra question: what is your dream job going forward?

tom

critical stance


chris

echo andy

+ what approach to the analysis (method?)
what specific analysis will you be doing?
tying questions to analysis plans


joel

tony writes well. easy to follow. amplify points
that have been maying. bear in mind a proof is that
which suffices to convince. left not quite knowing
what data would convince you that the conjecture 
is correct. fun under-rated. are there collateral
benefits. 

what is the true metric of success? do they now see
a sparrow as part of a few web? 

gave short shrift about what you're proposing to do
while you move forward. detailed plans to get to your
PhD done. 

answer to joel's question: conjecture mapping






